# READ THIS FIRST!!!
# Most of these projects are NOT mine! I am not claiming to own these projects, I just turned them into HTML files through TurboWarp :/
<h3>You can now play online using the Github Pages URL!</h3>
</p>This repository contains a collection of great Scratch projects that I turned into HTML files. If you'd like, you can go ahead and download the full package right now, but I suggest that you read through the descriptions here to choose which ones to download.</p>
<h4>Download individual files by clicking them in the list of files and selecting the download button in the top-right of the code window, or get full packages through the Releases tab.</h4>
<h1>File Descriptions</h1>
<p><h3>README.md</h3>is the file you're reading right now, you probably shouldn't download it because most computers won't open MD files...</p>
<p><h3>Rollercoaster Creator Deluxe by GoldenMagic,</h3> in which you can create a roller coaster. To move forward use the up arrow key, to change direction use the left and right arrows, and to change between track types use the buttons on the side. Touch the blue arrow to the red arrow to finish the coaster and ride it. Two versions are listed here, the large screen version and normal version. The large screen version has more space to build your coaster. Keep in mind that with the large screen version, you will still need to end the track at the red arrow.</p>
<p><h3>Window Washer by _BestScratch (that's me),</h3>in which you wash a window using a sponge to find a ball. This is a simple game created by me, and is great if you don't have much time to do things.</p>
<p><h3>Roller Coaster Creator (the non-deluxe version) by _BestScratch</h3>in which you draw some lines and create... something. To create your coaster, drag the dot to the place you want to draw a line to and press the space bar. You can have as many lines as you want. When you're done press C, and then you can either ride it with R or get a save code for it using S. It's not very good (because it's made by me) but go ahead and try it out if you want!
<p><h3>Super Mario Maker 3 by BenjaminWins11,</h3>in which you can create your own Mario courses, play them, save them, and share them. This game is one of the most amazing and comprehensive ones I have ever seen on Scratch, and thus might take a while to load. This game has such a huge amount of controls that I can't remember them all, so you might need to look those up. One thing that I do know is that you can press Q to switch between erasing and placing blocks.</p>
<p><h3>Paper Minecraft by Griffpatch,</h3>in which you play 2-dimensional Minecraft. Need I say more? All of the instructions are in the project.</p>
